README.md, before:

# Keymesh Addon for Blender

The Keymesh project currenty has a Github repository at: https://github.com/pablodp606/keymesh-addon/
This is a clone of the Keymesh Addon repository on Gitlab at: https://gitlab.com/pepe-school-land/keymesh with some minor additions.

Pablo Dobarro @pablodp606 is the Developer of this addon. Daniel Martinez does all the Animation and Testing of the addon.

This clone was made because the official repository of Keymesh was not available on Github initially. I checked on Pablo Dobarro's page and I couldn't find Daniel Martinez on Github. I do not own the content of this repository, and **haven't made any changes to the code while initiating the repository**.

My changes so far:
1. Added the Python file outside the ZIP file for easier collaboration.
2. Corrected spelling of button from "Keyfame Mesh" to "Keyframe Mesh"
3. Added Shortcut `Ctrl Shift A` to add a keyframe for the selected mesh, for faster workflows.

## Documentation

Visit: https://vimeo.com/506765863

It's currently a private video. I am attaching the link found in the addon file.

Commit message:

Added message about project
Added a message about the project that the repo will not be actively maintained anymore. Instead future contributions will be made in the official repo by Pablo Dobarro.

README.md, after:

# Keymesh Addon for Blender

> The **Keymesh** Addon is officially hosted and maintained at: https://github.com/pablodp606/keymesh-addon/

**This project is deprecated. All further contributions should be made in the above link. There will no more be any development in this repository.** I did receive permission from Daniel Martinez Lara to keep a separate repository, but I think it is better if the changes are made in the official repo by Pablo Dobarro.

Update from ***Daniel Martinez Lara***:

```
Hi Aldrin!

Yes, there is a room for a lot of improvements so
feel free to make your own repository and changes
that you want and share with the community if you
want.
...
...

Daniel
```

This was a clone of the Keymesh Addon repository on Gitlab at: https://gitlab.com/pepe-school-land/keymesh with some minor additions.

Pablo Dobarro @pablodp606 is the Developer of this addon. Daniel Martinez does all the Animation and Testing of the addon.

This clone was made because the official repository of Keymesh was not available on Github initially. I checked on Pablo Dobarro's page and I couldn't find Daniel Martinez on Github. I do not own the content of this repository, and **haven't made any changes to the code while initiating the repository**.

My changes so far:
1. Added the Python file outside the ZIP file for easier collaboration.
2. Corrected spelling of button from "Keyfame Mesh" to "Keyframe Mesh"
3. Added Shortcut `Ctrl Shift A` to add a keyframe for the selected mesh, for faster workflows.

## Documentation

Visit: https://vimeo.com/506765863

It's currently a private video. I am attaching the link found in the addon file.
